# EMBEDDING X-RAAS INTO YOUR AIRCRAFT

Embedding X-RAAS into an aircraft model is a great way to make sure that the
RAAS functionality is always available in a particular aircraft no matter
the global environment. To build an embeddable version of X-RAAS, run:

$ ./build_release -e

in the global X-RAAS source tree. An embeddable build differs from a
stand-alone build in the following ways:

1) The plugin signature, name and description are changed to prevent a
   conflict and confusion with the globally installed version in the
   plugin manager GUI.

2) The plugin automatically disables itself if it detects that a
   stand-alone installation of X-RAAS is already present in the global
   Resources/plugins. This is to prevent duplicate annunciations and also
   allows users to upgrade their X-RAAS installation without having to
   modify the aircraft model's internal directory layout.

3) An embeddable build doesn't load a global X-RAAS.cfg, since it cannot
   be invoked when other aircraft are loaded the global config file
   shouldn't even be present (and if it is, it might contain stanzas we
   don't understand if it's from a different X-RAAS version).

4) The config GUI only allows saving and resetting the configuration of
   the aircraft that the plugin is embedded in. Rather than having 4 buttons:
	*) SAVE aircraft configuration
	*) SAVE global configuration
	*) RESET aircraft configuration
	*) RESET global configuration
   the config GUI only shows two buttons:
	*) SAVE configuration
	*) RESET configuration

5) The X-RAAS.cache for caching the airport layouts and navdata is relocated
   from the global Output/caches/X-RAAS.cache into the plugin installation
   directory itself to avoid polluting the global simulator install.

In terms of interface code, nothing changes between the stand-alone and
embedded version. You should still use the interfaces in the `api'
directory and the appropriate datarefs to receive ND messages from the
plugin and to inform it when it should suppress its annunciations. See
INTERFACING.txt for more information.
